* I've heard that some of you are not getting my email messages.  I'm going
  to send a message to the class at the start of class, and we'll check in
  about fifteen minutes to see if everyone got it by then.
* Sorry for the initial confusion on EdX and such.  As I mentioned, we're
  trying a new approach with EdX, and it's not working quite as smoothly as
  anyone expected.
* We'll take a quick look at what you should see on EdX.
* Use the Slack channel for questions!  (That's also a reminder to me to
  check the Slack channel.)
* We'll spend today's class working on the first chapter of Hartl.  I'd
  suggest that you work in pairs, but if you want to work alone, that's
  okay, too.  

Upcoming Work

* For Friday: Finish Chapter 1 of Hartl (including all construction
  and exercises).
* 8pm Thursday: Reading Journal on Hartl, Chapter 1
    * Message subject: CSC 321 2016S: Journal for Class 4 (Your Name)
    * What, in your own words, is the MVC framework?  Why do programmers
      use such a framework?
    * Which task was the most difficult for you to complete?  What instructions
      would have helped you get through that task faster?
    * If you wanted `https://yoursite.c9users.io/goodbye` to show the
      text "Thanks for Visiting", what steps would you do?  (You
      should have solved this as an exercise.)
    * What is something you found particularly confusing or puzzling in
      the reading?

Good Things to Do

* CS Extras (Thursday, 4:15 p.m., 3821): Graduate school
* Convo, September 8 (Thrusday, 11:00 a.m., JRC 101): Roberto
  Gonzales on "From Undocumented to DACAmented: Understanding Legal Status 
  in a New Policy Context".  
    * Get a free copy of his book _Lives in Limbo: Undocumented and Coming 
      of Age in America_ by visiting Macy 203 during regular office times.
