* We now have a class mentor.  Welcome to Sooji Son, who will be with us
  on Mondays and Fridays, and will also set up an evening hour.
* I think I now have all of the EdX stuff up.  (Fingers crossed.)
* I apologize to those of you who, like me, are red-green color deficient.
* How far did you get on chapter 3?
* How are we doing on homework time?

### Upcoming Work

* Finish the Railus Tutorial Chapter 3 work.
* SaaSbook: Chapter 1 and sections 10.1-10.2, 7.1, 7.3-7.4
    * Chapter 1 and those sections of Chapter 10 are in week 1
    * Chapter 7 is in week 4
* Watch at least one SaaSbook video (only the video, no distractors, notebook and writing utensil in hand)
* 10pm Tuesday: Reading Journal (on SaaSbook)
    * Message subject: CSC 321 Journal for Day 6 (Your Name)
    * Summarize in a sentence: How is the agile approach different from the plan-and-document approach?
    * What surprised you the most in the SaaSbook material? Why?
    * What are you most excited to learn more about later in the semester? Why?
    * What point confused you the most? Try to explain it in your own words.

### Good Things to Do

* CS Table Tuesday: Passwords and more.  (Handouts on Charlie's door.)
* Convo, September 8 (Thursday, 11:00 a.m., JRC 101): Roberto
  Gonzales on "From Undocumented to DACAmented: Understanding Legal Status 
  in a New Policy Context".  
    * Get a free copy of his book _Lives in Limbo: Undocumented and Coming 
      of Age in America_ by visiting Macy 203 during regular office times.
* Learning from Alumni Thursday: The Job Board Doctor
* CS Extras Thursday: PM on PL
* SHACS is offering Question, Persuade, & Refer (QPR) training for
  students, faculty, and staff – this is suicide prevention training
  run by a national institute. They’re first holding one session with
  a cap of 30 people for September 13th in ARH 120 from 11 – 12 noon.
  Email Toby if you're interested.

