* We now have a class mentor.  Welcome to Sooji Son, who will be with us
  on Mondays and Fridays, and will also set up an evening hour.
* I expect that some of today's conversation will continue into Friday
  and maybe even Monday.
* A portion of today's CSC 321 will be devoted to CSC 322 issues.

### Upcoming Work

* For Friday: Finish the Rails Tutorial Chapter 3 work.  (You should be 
  done, but I'm just reminding you.)
* For Friday: Hartl, Chapter 4.  (Ruby Review: Almost no new programming!)
* For Friday: SaaSBook, Sections 3.5-3.8.  (Week 2 in EdX)
* 10pm Thursday: Reading Journal (on Hartl)
    * Message subject: CSC 321 Journal for Day 7 (Your Name)
    * You have now read three different introductions to Ruby (the Codecademy
      course, the SaaSbook, and Hartl).  What do you see as the major 
      differences between the approaches?  What approach do you find
      most compelling?
    * Now that you've seen a broader introduction to Ruby, what do you
      consider the most exciting aspects of working with Ruby?
    * What is metaprogramming?  In what other languages you've learned
      can one metaprogram?
    * What aspect or aspects of Ruby confused you the most? Try to explain 
      them in your own words.  
        * I'll try to talk about all of the confusing aspects you, but I 
          identify might also challenge you to explain things to each other.

### Good Things to Do

* Convo, September 8 (Thursday, 11:00 a.m., JRC 101): Roberto
  Gonzales on "From Undocumented to DACAmented: Understanding Legal Status 
  in a New Policy Context".  
    * Get a free copy of his book _Lives in Limbo: Undocumented and Coming 
      of Age in America_ by visiting Macy 203 during regular office times.
* Learning from Alumni Thursday: The Job Board Doctor
* CS Extras Thursday: PM on PL
* SHACS is offering Question, Persuade, & Refer (QPR) training for
  students, faculty, and staff – this is suicide prevention training
  run by a national institute. They’re first holding one session with
  a cap of 30 people for September 13th in ARH 120 from 11 – 12 noon.
  Email Toby if you're interested.
* CS Table Tuesday: ???
* CS Extras Tuesday night: Google
* Mock Interviews Tuesday
